isi strikes all over nothing ELP have
destroyed all power sources and
electricity lines with the damage so bad
it has left Palestinians here in J ref
Camp without any source of
power there is no electricity there is
nothing nothing at all we have to buy
credit to make phone calls and the
network does not always work money is
not available and we have no credit the
situation is just dire and after several
months
civilians here have to find another way
to adapt the new life here solar power
have become an important part of the
daily life here so people sometimes walk
for all over a 1 kilometer every day
just to charge their phone or just to
find and reach a sh charging
point the only people with electricity
are those who own solar panels and solar
panels were destroyed all over the
jabalia camp as a result of the latest
Israeli aggression during which the
Israelis destroyed all solar panels
installed on rooftops we go through
great suffering to charge our mobile
phones and batteries when this area is
under attack people have to take shelter
in schools so they cannot reach this
charging point they are unable to
communicate with their relatives in the
other parts of nor Gaza thre this is the
seen here and nothing go a strip and the
lack of power is critical and making the
live here is
extremely
difficult nothing has as sprad
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler